Update general-requirements.adoc (#722)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/installation/pages/general-requirements.adoc

// REMARK this list needs to be cleaned up

> Before you begin installation, ensure that your environment meets these requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin installation, ensure that you have:
```

> * You have current {scc} organization credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Current {scc} organization credentials
```

* Access to installation media
* Environment meets the hardware and networking requirements

> * You understand the supported client operating systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You should also ensure that you understand the supported client operating systems.
```

Reviewer 2: I commited this suggestion separately
